Skip to main content

Parade home

    Trending News
    Entertainment
    Food & Drink
    Pets
    Shopping
    Healthy Now
    Astrology

newsletters

    Home
    Entertainment

Happy couple laughing while being on a fun website

iStock
No Plans? No Problem! 75 Fun Websites To Waste Time on When You’re Bored
If you need to kill some time, these websites will do the trick.

    Maryn Liles
    Apr 30, 2023

Sure there are some fun websites and apps to go on when you're bored, like Instagram and TikTok, but you can only scroll for so long before things start to get repetitive and a little dull.

You can still have some ways to stave off the boredom if you're cooped up at home with these cool, interesting and random time-wasting websites. All these fun websites will keep you entertained on the Internet for hours.

These fun websites to waste time on will grab hold of your attention and not let go. Take a peek at the 75 fun time-wasting sites on our list and let boredom become a thing of the past! Here's the ultimate list of fun websites—from cool, interesting and random options to weird, niche sites to go on when you're bored.
75 Fun Websites
1. Find the Invisible Cow

You’re going to want to make sure your sound is on in this fun-finding game! Find the invisible cow in this laugh-out-loud version of "hot and cold."
2. MapCrunch

This site gives you a random Google map from anywhere in the world and all you have to do is explore.
3. The Useless Web

Want to see what the Internet truly has to offer? Take a peek at The Useless Web to see what truly is out there.
4. Hacker Typer

Want to feel like you’re in The Matrix? Or at least feel like a super cool computer hacker trying to break into some evil lair? Just open up this site and pound the keyboard away!
5. Paper Toilet
Empty roll of toilet paper

iStock

Have fun wasting toilet paper without a care in the world on this interactive site.
6. ChatGPT

If you're looking for some good ideas or just some simple entertainment, go onto ChatGPT—you can ask it anything, including any of these 101+ ChatGPT prompts.

Related: How To Replace Siri With ChatGPT—It's So Much Easier Than You'd Think
7. Pointer Pointer 

Looking to really get lost in the quirky and weird? Look at this site and expect a few chuckles!
8. Wordle

If you're not still doing Wordle, it's a great time to start up again.
9. Staggering Beauty

Make the virtual worm dance with your mouse when you click on this fun website! Warning: this site does contain flashing images that may trigger some viewers.
10. Scream Into the Void

This website invites you to get it all out. Take out all your outrage about any situation in your life and hit the “scream” button which throws it all out into the void.

Related: Best Online Games
11. Duotrigordle

Solve 32 Wordle puzzles at once on this site!
12. Wayback Machine

Take a peek at some of your favorite sites before they got an ultimate makeover with this fun website. All you have to do is type in a URL and choose a date. Then, the Wayback Machine will show you a screenshot of the site from that particular day!
13. Don't Even Reply

If you want a good chuckle (or some commiserating validation), check out Don’t Even Reply and read some real-life emails that are side-splittingly funny. We recommend starting off with Angry Fish Tank Guy!
14. Stellarium

If you live in a big city or an area filled with light pollution, it’s probably been a hot minute since you’ve seen a night sky full of stars. Take a peek at this online planetarium to see which constellations and planets are out tonight!
15. Shut Up and Take My Money

Take your online shopping obsession to the next level with this fun website filled with cool gadgets and gizmos! This is also perfect to start shopping for unique stocking stuffers and fun little gifts for the holidays.
16. 2048

This website takes the best parts of elementary school math and Tetris and combines them into this fun game of 2048! Using your arrow keys, try combining numbers until you reach the sequence 2048.
17. Wikipedia’s List of Individual Dogs

Did you ever want to know what Air Bud’s real name is? Or learn about the heartwarming tale of Greyfriars Bobby? Waste away your boredom and be tickled pink when you scroll through this fun website full of famous individual dogs!
18. Zoom Quilt

If you’re looking to bide some time while having a hypnotizing experience, check out this fun website where a picture infinitely zooms in to create and reveal new pictures.
19. Drive Me Insane

Since 1997, you’re able to have some fun at another person’s expense with this fun website! Waste time turning on and off the lights in their office, play with a disco ball, and even display your own message on their computer!
20. Pinterest

Whether you're looking for recipes, outfit ideas or quotes that inspire you, this is one fun site that is easy to keep coming back to.
21. Astronomy Picture of the Day

Discover the cosmos from the best of the best with NASA’s astronomy picture of the day! You’ll get to see a stunning photo of space while also learning something with the explorative caption underneath.
22. MuscleWiki

Fine-tune your workout with this fun website, MuscleWiki. It not only gives you a full diagram of the muscles in your body but how to stretch and work them out!

Related: 100 Best TV Series to Binge-Watch on Netflix
23. Duolingo

Make the most of your free time and cross something off your bucket by becoming fluent in a different language with the help of Duolingo! This fun website also doubles as a fun free app on your phone so you never miss a lesson.
24. Internet Live Stats 

You commonly hear the phrase “everyone is on the internet” but how many are there really? Find out how many tweets, Instagram posts, and emails are being sent in real-time!
25. Hubski

Get fun and offbeat conversation topics with the help of Hubski! You’ll find different forums of thoughtful and unique conversations that will be a smash hit with friends.
26. This Is Sand

Everyone remembers the fun sand art smash hit craft of the 90s. Now, you can recreate priceless childhood memories in digital form! Just simply drag your mouse to make digital colorful sand art.
27. Lizard Point 

Geography not your best subject in school? Lizard Point makes learning fun with virtual quizzes that help you broaden your horizons without all the stress of tests and final exams.
28. Radio Garden

Ever wanted to hear what the radio was like in Paris or in Tokyo? Travel through the airwaves and see what is playing in local cities (literally any city) in real time.
29. Music Theory 

Learn the language behind your favorite pieces of music with this fun website! They offer free lessons and exercises so you have all you need to become the next musical genius.
30. Radiooooo

Take a step back in time with Radiooooo. Like the Radio Garden website, you can choose any region in the world and listen to the local airwaves. However, this site gives you a timeline so you can listen to the radio from not just anywhere, but anywhen in time! Have fun listening to 1960s French bops.
31. Sleepytime

Is your sleeping schedule out of whack? This fun website calculates exactly when you need to go to sleep and wake up in order to get a good night’s sleep.
32. Passive Aggressive Password Machine

If you ever wanted to know how strong your password is, simply type it into this machine and it will tell you what you need to work on!
33. Code Academy 

Why not pick up something new? Code Academy offers coding lessons with immediate feedback and real-world projects.
34. 29a.ch

Paint the cosmos with all the colors of the wind with this fun interactive creative site! It’s a great and mesmerizing way to relax and chill out after a long day.ss
35. Live Kitten Cam
kittencam

Explore.org

Fill your heart with absolute joy and forget about the world with this fun website that streams from a live webcam set up at Kitten Rescue Sanctuary in Los Angeles! Worried that you’ll be looking into an empty room? Don’t worry, they always have cute baby kittens either snuggling, playing and being overall adorable.
36. What Should I Read Next? 

Read all the books in your library? This website will take your preferences and give you all the book recommendations you could ever want.
37. My Fridge Food 

Forget to go food shopping? Don’t worry, just type in whatever is in your fridge into this site and it will create a recipe just for you!
38. OnRead

If you need a quick and easy book to read, check out OnRead’s library of free ebooks!
39. OMFGDOGS

Warning: if you’re prone to seizures don’t click! This fun website is the ultimate time-waster-- it’s just a video loop of cartoon dogs running against a flashing rainbow background.
40. Weave Silk 

Create beautiful mesmerizing works of art on Weave Silk. In addition to being a website, you can also download this onto your phone or tablet.

Related: 50 Fun Things to Do When Bored
41. Eyebleach

Did you see something on the internet that was just too scary? Click on Eyebleach to be fed adorable pictures of puppies, kitties or babies!
42. List of Conspiracy Theories

Get sucked down the dark rabbit hole of the internet that will have you denying history and wearing tinfoil hats. Wikipedia’s list of conspiracy theories will have you scrolling for ages!
43. Word of the Day

Merriam-Webster provides a word of the day that will keep things interesting as you learn something new daily.
44. Pokémon Showdown

This site will have you saying “I choose you!” Relive all your favorite childhood nostalgic memories with this fun Pokémon battle simulator that allows you to play battles online against other players and teams.
45. Sporcle

Keep your noodle sharp with brain games and quizzes on Sporcle! There is also live trivia and a party app that you can play virtually with friends.
46. Poptropica

If you’re looking for an old-school RPG to bust your boredom, take a peek at Poptropica. This fun website also doubles as an app for your phone and tablet.
47. TagPro

Play a virtual game of Capture the Flag with friends or friends you haven’t met yet with this fun website, TagPro. This is a great way to waste time while you’re stuck inside.
48. CookieClicker

How fast can you click for cookies? Level up and become a cookie pro with this fun time-wasting website!
49. Habitica

Ever know what your life looked like in 8-bit? With Habitica you can find out and improve your virtual life one quest at a time!
50. Foddy
foddy

Foddy.net

Run as fast as you can using your keyboard across the finish line in this simulation game!
51. Flash By Night

Flash By Night has a handful of flash games that you can choose from. Everyone is guaranteed to waste some time!
52. Xkcd

If you’re into nerdy humor, you’re going to love Xkcd! Each post features a short hilarious comic strip about technology, science, mathematics and relationships. The mastermind behind it all is Randall Munroe, who worked on robots at NASA's Langley Research Center in Virginia!
53. You Are Listening To

Love true crime and ambient music? You Are Listening To combines police scanner audio and mixes with lofi and other background music to create a one-of-a-kind experience.
54. Incredibox

Create your own music with a merry crew of beatboxers! This will for sure keep you occupied for at least a couple of hours.
55. A Soft Murmur

If you’re looking to create your own ambient background music to listen to while you work or read, A Soft Murmur is the fun website for you! Create your own mix of white noise and other natural sounds to relax and waste some time.
56. Rainy Mood

Get all the benefits of rain without getting caught in it with Rainy Mood! This is perfect for setting a relaxed and chilled-out mood.
57. Drench

Try to get the board into one solid color with this brain teaser game on the fun website, Drench!
58. Quick, Draw

Put your drawing skills to the test with Quick, Draw from Google! You’ll help a robot put its doodling skills to the test while also helping Google with machine learning research.
59. Da Font

Tired of your basic Times New Roman? You can spend hours downloading new fonts from typography artists to spice up your new document!
60. Space Jam

Untouched from its original 90s glory, the Space Jam website is where it’s at for fun games and a giant dose of nostalgia.
61. Retail Me Not

Shop smarter, not harder. Take a peek at Retail Me Not for all the latest discounts and deals at your favorite online stores.
62. Mint

Keep track of your spending and check on your credit score with Mint! They also give you tips on how to invest and take out loans while also providing you with free resources to help you along every step.
63. Taste Dive

Looking for new music to spice up your playlists? Take a peek into Taste Dive to see which similar artists match up with your current favorites to find your next favorite bop.
64. Addictive Tips

Stuck on a level on a video game? Want to learn how to watch videos on Linux? Addictive Tips has you covered to help take your technology game to the next level!
65. The Oregon Trail
oregon trail

Archive.org

90s kids, you’re welcome! Relive all your childhood memories with this classic game online (just try not to die of dysentery).
66. Instructables

Try Instructables if you’ve always wanted to learn how to DIY but didn’t know where to start. They have community posts with step-by-step instructions to help you become a DIY master in no time.
67. Snopes 

Having trouble discerning the truth from fake news? Snopes does all the fact-checking for you and takes away all the hard work.
68. Nice News

Read only positive news thanks to this website.
69. The Onion

Tired of serious political articles that drag you down? The Onion takes a lighter satirical approach to current events and makes reading the news a laugh-out-loud experience.
70. Lifehacker

Do you know what to do when you’re facing eviction? Or maybe you’ve always wanted to learn how to make soup dumplings but didn’t know how? Lifehacker has well-thought-out articles to make life’s hurdles a little bit easier to manage.
71. Mix

Mix allows you to surf the internet without all the padding. Mix sets up your own profile based on what you’re interested in and then share the articles, photos, and videos for you to discover!
72. Pottermore

Potter heads unite! If you’re obsessed with Harry Potter and the rest of the Hogwarts gang, check out the fun website Pottermore and get ready for the ultimate digital wizarding experience.
73. Gravity Points 

This fun website is the ultimate time killer. Designed by Akimitsu Hamamuro, your pointer simulates the effect of gravity by allowing you to create small gravity centers across your screen with a simple click of a button.
74. LEGO Videos

You may have seen the smash hit LEGO movie series but did you know there are multiple videos on their site? For every pop-culture phenomenon like Jurassic Park, Star Wars and Harry Potter, there's a LEGO video series version ready to steal our attention and waste some time!
75. OCEARCH Shark Tracker

If you’re missing Shark Week, take a peek at this fun website! Run by the marine research group, OCEARCH, you can track their tagged sharks (who all have names) and see where they are all over the world!

Next, 30 games to play over text!
Parade Games
Trending Stories
Steak sliced on cutting board with butter on top
The Absolute Best Way to Cook a Tender, Juicy, Never Ever Dry Steak
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - FEBRUARY 13: Katie Holmes attends the Michael Kors F/W 2024 Fashion Show on February 13, 2024 in New York City.
Katie Holmes Gives Peek at Matching Lingerie Under Sheer Dress in Bold Look
Woman praying Lenten prayers outdoors
From Repenting To Giving Thanks, Here Are 25 Lent Prayers for This Lenten Season
Real Housewives of Salt Lake City Season 5
TV
Who's Returning for 'The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City' Season 5?
Heida Reed Exits FBI International
TV
Heida Reed Shares Loving Message to Fans After 'FBI: International' Exit
Maisie Williams as Catherine Dior in The New Look
TV
The True and Compelling Story of Catherine Dior
Joey Graziadei
TV
Who Went Home on ‘The Bachelor’ Episode 5 fter Two Rose Ceremonies?
FBI International Season 3 Episode 1
TV
Who Didn't Survive the 'FBI: International' Season 3 Premiere?
FBI Season 6 Episode 1
TV
'FBI' Shocker: Who Died in the Season 6 Premiere?
Parade
Entertainment

    AGT Fantasy League
    Best Movies of All Time
    Best Romantic Movies
    Best Shows on Netflix
    Best Thriller Movies
    Books
    Entertainment
    Law and Order
    Movies
    Music
    New Kids' Movies
    Saturday Night Live
    The Bachelor
    TV
    Anime

Food & Drink

    Baking
    Casserole Recipes
    Crock Pot Recipes
    Desserts
    Dinner Recipes
    Easy Meals
    Food Captions for Instagram
    Food & Drink
    Food News
    Ground Beef Recipes
    Keto Foods
    Low Carb Foods
    Ninja Air Fryer Recipes
    Recipes
    Soups
    Weight Watchers Recipes

Life

    Angel Numbers
    Astrology
    Connections Hint
    Dad Jokes
    Family
    Funny Jokes
    Good Morning Quotes
    Happy Birthday Wishes
    Knock Knock Jokes
    Living
    Never Have I Ever Questions
    Pets
    Popular Baby Names
    Questions to Ask a Girl
    Questions to Ask a Guy
    Wordle Today

Health

    Ab Workouts for Women
    Cold and Flu
    Diet
    Dumbbell Back Exercises
    Fitness Quotes
    Heart Health
    Health & Wellness
    How to Lose Weight Without Exercising
    Types of Diets
    Workouts to Lose Weight

Shopping

    Best Gifts
    Gifts for Parents
    Gifts for Wife
    Gifts for Brother
    Gifts for Girlfriend
    Gifts for Men Who Have Everything
    Gift Ideas for Women
    Shopping

Pop Culture

    Celebrity Fashion
    Celebrity Marriages
    Celebrity Net Worth
    Celebrity News
    Celebrity Relationships
    Royals
    Video Games

© 2024 The Arena Media Brands, LLC PARADE is a registered trademark of Athlon Sports Communications, Inc.

    About Parade
    Contact Us
    Advertise
    Licensing Request
    Terms of Use
    Privacy Policy

parade.com Logo
We'd like to send you some notifications
Notifications can be turned off anytime from browser settings
